---
layout: page
title: About Me
permalink: /about/
---

# Hello world

So i want to take a moment and tell you a little about myself, and who I am, My name is Nixie I'm a 28-year-old trans women (MtF) beginning her transition. I'm a lover of all things Gaming, Geek, Linux, Unix and Tech; preferably all at once.

I was born in Louisiana but grew up in Austin TX where I spent most of my life. As a young child of age 10 I always knew that I felt different from the other boys. I didn’t have the words back then to relate the difference, nor could I see that I was very different from that of most boys. Growing up, I always felt more comfortable in socializing with the girls in school. I found their manner of play and of conversation on par with my own. We were able to talk about all the things that girls like to talk about, and we were able to connect in a way that i could not do with the boys and I generally did not. Around age 10, my best friend from next door would often come over, and we play dress up and that's when i fell in love with dressing up. I didn’t realize nor did I see any of the increasing number of signs which were developmentally variant from those of other boys but I do recall that as the girls grew up and began to separate socially from the boys, that I became very sad, alone and distraught. My response and recourse to this was my own self immersion in my studying. I became fascinated with many areas of science, history and computer programming and read books from the library profusely to escape. When i started high school i was well-educated in science, history and computers one area, however, held special meaning for me and that was the realm of science fiction. It was in this realm that possibilities existed. Here were worlds where it didn’t matter if you had pointy ears and came from Planet Vulcan on Star Trek, or if you were of a different race, color or gender. You could be respected for being different and for whom you were inside. As a child, I held great respect for the character of Mr. Spock on the Starship Enterprise. Being half Vulcan and half human meant that he didn’t quite ever fit in with either his Vulcan home world or with the humans with which he served. I had great respect for his ability to try to use logic to try to solve this and any issue which would arise to deal with the multitude of issues which arose. Here was someone who was respected for being the person he was inside ahead of how he presented as being different on the outside. In the same way, I was dealing with my feelings of being female inside but knowing I was born as male on the outside. The feelings were not quantifiable and I argued with myself for years that they were therefore illogical and tried to dismiss them but was only left feeling ashamed and alone inside. It has been only within this recent year that I have come to face what i kept secret for so many years and i can truly say I'm so much happier today.
